you
I'm getting married oh it's a girl at
school it's just wonderful
what are you are you upset but let me
tell you why don't use that tone to me
home
that's sarcastic contemptuous tone that
means you know everything because you're
a man then I know nothing because I'm a
woman
you're not a woman oh are you crazy you
can't get married out of the question
we've been sleeping together for a year
Oh God Azim intestine Oh Kevin yes and
so have i oh his father is in the arts
you do an eclectic celebration of
advance you do Fosse Fosse Fosse you do
Mata Graham Martha Graham Martha Graham
girl Madonna Madonna Madonna but you
keep it all inside what does the mother
do she's a housewife oh I could plant
strange hell you old so-and-so how do
you feel about that call today I'm in
the Dolphins fortune free play on their
30-yard line with only 34 seconds to go
how do you think I feel betrayed
the wildered
mommy perfect
won't you come in senator Keeley mrs.
Kealey
Kabira give me a hug
Oh such attention it's like writing a
psychotic horse - it's a burning stable
it's a nightmare
something very strange is going on
wammy
you